suplexwrecks		All characters use the Sabin sprite, as well as having a name similar to Sabin. All characters have the Blitz and Suplex commands, and every enemy can be hit by Suplex.
dearestmolulu		No random encounters occur. All encounters yield 3x EXP. Wearing a Moogle Charm or a piece of equipment with the Moogle Charm effect will cause a battle to occur on every step when encounters can be occur.
canttouchthis		All characters have 255 Defense and 255 Magic Defense, as well as 128 Evasion and Magic Evasion.
easymodo			All enemies have 1 HP.
endless9			All R-[skills] are automatically changed to 9x[skills]. W-[skills] will become 8x[skills].
collateraldamage	All pieces of equipment break for spells. Characters only have the Fight and Item commands, and enemies will use items drastically more often than usual.
llg					Stands for Low Level Game. No encounters will yield any Experience Points.
naturalmagic		No Espers or equipment will teach spells. The only way to learn spells is through Natural Magic.
playsitself			All characters will act automatically, in a manner similar to when Coliseum fights are fought.
worringtriad		The player will start in the World of Ruin, with all of the World of Balance treasure chests, along with a guaranteed set of items, and more Lores.
metronome			All characters have Fight, R-Chaos, Magic, and Item as their skillset, except for the Mime, who has Mimic instead of Fight. Berserker also only has R-Chaos.
randomboost			Prompts you for a randomness multiplier, which changes the range of items that can be in chests, etc. Choosing a randomness multiplier of 0(or leaving it blank) will allow any item to appear in any treasure chest.
masseffect			Increases the number of rogue effects on equipment by a large amount.
dancingmaduin		Restricts Esper usage such that most Espers can only be equipped by one character. Also usually changes what spell the Paladin Shld teaches.
madworld			Creates a "true tierless" seed, with enemies having a higher degree of randomization and shops being very randomized as well.
darkworld			Drastically increases the difficulty of the seed, akin to a hard mode. Mostly meant to be used in conjunction with the madworld code.